- [Staff] Hi, welcome to Little Ned.
- Hi, I have a reservation under Rosie.
- [Staff] And what brings you to New York?
- Work.
- And where's home?
- I would say the plane lately.
- [Staff] What was the
last song you listened to?
- Wow, so many questions at the door.
[bright music]
- Do you know what you like to drink?
- [Rosie] Can I please start
with a chilled vodka shot
with lime?
- What's the craziest rumor
you've heard about yourself?
- That I might've had black
hair at one point in my life.
How crazy.
- What's your favorite smell?
- My dog Hank and his feet.
- Can you tell me a secret?
- A secret?
No, 'cause that's a secret.
[phone dings]
Oh.
[classical music continues]
Ooh.
- [Paris] Hey Rosie, it's Paris.
I hope that you're
having an incredible time
at your Vogue shoot.
And just wanna say that it
was so much fun presenting
Song of the Year to you at the VMAs.
You looked so stunning in
your Oscar de la Renta dress.
Did you have fun?
- Oh, my gosh.
It kind of didn't really like settle in
until I think I arrived in Korea.
So it was really all just like...
It felt like a whole dream
and you were so kind enough
to hand me that award,
and I love you for that.
Thank you. [kisses]
[transition whooshes]
All right, let's do this.
I can't do this whole thing,
this is huge.
- No pressure.
[classical music continues]
- [hums] It literally tastes like water.
[both laugh]
It's like...
It does.
Why is that good? [laughs]
- Rosie.
- Oh, my gosh,
Cedric, hi.
- So good to see you.
- It's so good to see you.
- [Cedric] What is your
favorite curse word?
- Oh, well [bleeps]. [laughs]
- Someone would like to buy you a drink
at the end of the bar.
- Wait, what?
Oh, look, there's a question.
Where do you find
inspiration to write songs?
Boys, mean boys. [laughs]
- Hi, Rosie.
- Did you send these?
- I did.
- Thank you so much.
- Of course.
- You're so sweet.
- Can I ask you some questions?
- [Rosie] Yes, of course.
- When was the last time you cried?
- This morning, or maybe last night,
I don't remember. [laughs]
- Oh, gosh.
What piece of advice would you give
to your 18-year-old self?
- To my 18-year-old self?
I was pretty badass when I was 18.
I kind of like...
I still aspire to be
her, so I would just say,
keep doing your thing, it's
gonna get you places. [laughs]
- Cheers to that.
Thank you so much.
[classical music continues]
- Welcome.
- Thank you.
Wait, are you kidding me?
- What does it say?
- These are all questions.
Are you...
Do you have a favorite city?
Well, I think it's pretty
criminal not to say New York
while I'm in New York.
I do like it, yeah.
Next question, what is... [laughs]
What is the one thing
you can't live without?
I cannot live without my family, my dog.
Are you an early bird or a night owl?
I used to be an incredible night owl,
but lately, I've been working
hard on being an early bird.
How fancy is that?
Ooh, not as fancy as this.
Caviar, thank you.
- [Staff] All right, you
remember your dreams.
- My dreams?
I used to want to be a
primary school art teacher.
It was my dream.
Sorry, it was a boring answer.
All right, Vogue, I'm so
hungry, I need to eat.
- [Staff] Wait, one last
question before we leave.
- One last question?
You have to promise me it's the last one.
- I promise.
- All right.
- [Staff] What's a question
that we should have asked you?
- Well, you haven't asked me about "APT".
- [Staff] Okay.
[Rosie laughs]
Can you tell us a story
about you and Bruno
that no one else knows?
- Me and Bruno?
Oh, my gosh.
I don't know if I'm allowed to say this,
but [laughs] I had the
biggest fight with Bruno
right before the music
video shoot. [laughs]
But we made up on set, so
it was all right. [laughs]
My God, he's gonna kill me. [kisses]
Let's not fight, let's
be friends. [laughs]
Bye, Vogue.
Please get out of my face now. [laughs]
[Rosie hums]
[classical music continues]
Is there a normal menu now?